{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Homework 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Due Sept 17 11:59pm
\b0 \ulnone  \
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}create a file called hw2.c\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Processors have the ability to heat up to 400 degrees C. If a computer becomes too hot then the processor will melt and the system will be ruined. However, computer fans can consume a large amount of power. In order to make the system as power efficient as possible, you have to make sure that least number of fans are used in the system. To matters even more complicated, not all fans will fit all computers. You can assume that a fans size is equal to its cooling power. So for example if a fan has a size of 3, then it cooling power is also 3. However, the power consumption of a fan is its size time itself. So, if a fan had a sizeof 3,then its power consumption would be 9 (3*3). If a fan had a size of 4, then its power consumption would be 16 (4*4). Given the following function definition: void getMinFans(int fanSizes[],int numFans, int coolingNum), you are to write a function that will print the the fans that will cool the computer with the smallest amount of power consumption. The array, fanSizes will contain all of the fan sizes that fit the computer. The input variable numFans will be equal to the number of fans in the array fanSizes. The final input variable cooling Num is the minimum amount of cooling power needed by the fans so the computer does not melt down. You are only allowed to use each fan once.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Given the following inputs\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}fanSizes[] = 1,2,3,4; numFans = 4; coolingNum = 5;\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The correct output would be the following:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}2 3
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}There are 2 possible answers to this question. The first solution is to use fans 2 and 3. The total power consumption of fans these fans is (2*2)+(3*3) = 13. The second solution is to use fans 1 and 4. The total power consumption for these fans are (1*1)+(4*4) = 17. Since fans 2 and 3 have a lower power consumption.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Given the following inputs:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}fanSizes[] = 1,2,3,4,5,6,10 numFans = 7 coolingNum = 10\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The correct output would be the following:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}1 2 3 4
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}A very important high performance computer is starting slow down. The reason for this is due to the data on the computer being spread across a number of hard drives. The solution to this problem is to consolidate the data on the minimum number of drives. Given the array used, representing the amount of space that is being used on each drive, and a corresponding array called total, that represents the total amount of data that can be stored on each disk that is mentioned in used. Your job is to find the minimum number of drives you can compact the data onto. Given the following function definition: int minHardDrives(int used[],int usedSize,int total[],int totalSize). This function will find the minimum number of drives needed to compact the data and return that value.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Given the following inputs:\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}used[] = \{14,20,10,22\}; usedSize = 4; total[] = \{80,120,120,80\}; totalSize = 4;\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The correct output would be:\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}1\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The total data used is 68. Since this will fit onto 1 disk of size 80, then 1 is returned. The number of disks used to store the compressed data.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Given the following inputs: \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}used[] = \{60,20,30,40\}; usedSize = 4; total[] = \{80,120,120,80\}; totalSize = 4;\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The correct output would be:\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}2\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The total data used is 150. For this example you would need 2 drives of any size to store the compressed data. So for this example 2 would be returned.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}You have been recently hire at a high end electronics store. For your first task, your boss has asked you to write a program to find the item that has made the company the most money. What you will be given are three arrays with information. The first array, called cost, will contain the how much each item costs the store. The second array, called sales, will contain how much the store sells each of the items. The final array, called unitSales, will contain how many units of each item has been sold. An items profit is determined by the number of items sold times the sales price minus the cost of the item (unitSales * (sales - cost)). Finally return the position in the array of the item that has the highest profit. Given the following function declaration: int findProfit(int cost[], int sales[], int unitSales[],int arraySizes). All arrays passed to this function will have a size equal to array size.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Given the following inputs:\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}int cost[] = \{4,3,7\}; int sales[] = \{5,6,9\}; int unitSales[] = \{1,1,1\}; int arraySize = 3;\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The correct output:\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}1\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The item in position 0 yeilds a profit of (5-4)*1 = 1. The item at position 1 yeilds a profit of (6-3)*1= 3. And finally the item at position 2 has a profit of (9-7)*1 = 2. Since the item at position 1 has the highest profit a 1 is return as the result.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Given the following inputs:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}int cost[] = \{1,2,7\}; int sales[] = \{2,6,9\}; int unitSales[] = \{1,2,6\}; int arraySize = 3;\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}The correct output: \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}2\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\
}