{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Add the files from the bst homework to the avl folder.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Given the following function definitions: void cleanAvl(struct avlTree *t) and void cleanAvl_r(struct avlLeaf *lf). This function is to be added to the files avl.h and avl.c. These functions will free all memory associated with the avl tree.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Given the following function definitions: int searchAvl(struct avlTree *t,struct data *d) and int searchAvl_r(struct avlLeaf *curr,struct data *d). These functions are to be added to the files avl.h avl.c. These function will search the avl tree in lg(n) time. If the data element in the current leaf is the same as the input data variable, then return 1. If no item is found to be equal then return 0.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Given the following function definitions: int searchBst(struct tree *t, struct data *d) and int searchBst_r(struct leaf *curr,struct data *d). These functions will be added to the files bst.h and bst.c. These function will search the bst tree in lg(n) time. If the da\\ ta element in the current leaf is the same as the input data variable, then return 1. If no item is found to beequal then return 0.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Modify your main.c file to take command line arguements. The value to be entered on the command line is a single integer. An example of this would be the following:
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 ./main 3
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 In the main function you are to take the value from the command line, and multiply it by 1000000. The result of this multiplication will be the number of items you are to add to the bst and avl trees. This will also be the number of items that need you need to seach for int both trees. When adding items to the bst and avl tree you are to add random data structures. When searching for items in the bst and avl trees, you are to search for randomly created data structures. So in the above example you would add 3000000 random items to the avl tree and 3000000 random items to the bst tree. Then you will search for 3000000 random data elements in the avl tree and 3000000 random data elements in the bst.\
{\listtext	\'95	}You are to time how long it takes to insert all of the items into the avl tree and them print out the time. You are to then time how long it takes to insert all of the items into the bst. Then time how long it takes to search for all of the items in the avl tree. And finally time how long it takes to search for all of the items in the bst tree. Be sure that all data is free'd before the program finishes.\
}