{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Create the following functions in the files hw4.h and hw4.c. Be sure that you download the files random.h and random.c and include them in the file hw4.h.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a structure called data. This structure will contain three variables that will all be integers. The first variable will be called Start. The second variable will be called End. The final Variable will be called Max.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create another structure call input. This structure will contain 2 variables. The first variable will be a pointer to an array of integers, and will be called array. The second variable will be an integer called size. Ideally the value of size will be equal to the number of element in the array.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a function with the following definition: struct input* generateArray(int size). In this function you are to use malloc to allocate space for a input structure. Once you have done that you will need to use malloc to allocate space for an array of integers and fill the array with random numbers. To generate random numbers use the function call getRand() which I have provided in the random.h file. Once the array is filled, set the variables in the structure and return a pointer to the allocated structure.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a function with the following definition: data* generateData(int s,int e). In this function you will malloc space for a data structure. Once allocated, set the structure variables Start equal to s, End equal to e and Max to -99999. Finally return a pointer to the allocated structure.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a function with the following definition: struct data** generateDataArray(int size). This function will allocate space for an array of pointers to data structures with the number of elements equal to size. One the array of pointers is created, you are to set each pointer in the array to a newly created data structure that has the start variable equal to a random number between 0 and size/2 and the end variable equal to size/2 and size (use my generateRandBetween function for this). The size value that you are to pass to this function is the same value that you pass to the generateArray function. For example: if you call generateArray(5) then you would call generateDataArray(5). Hint: I would use the generateData function to create the pointers to the structures.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a function with the following definition: void getMax(struct input *inputArr, struct data *dVals). This function is going to find the maximum difference between two elements, i and j where j > i, in the array found inside the input variable inputArr. The two elements that provide the maximum difference must fall between the values of start and end found in the input variable dVals. Once the max difference is found, it is to be saved to the variable max in dVals. So if the input structures looked as follows:
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 inputArr: array = \{2,5,3,11,4,1\};
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 size = 6;
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 dvals: Start = 1;
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 End = 4;
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 The max difference would be found at positions 2 and 3. The difference produced between these two positions is (11-3) or 8. So the variable max in dvals would be set to 8.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a function with the following definition: void printData(struct data **d, int dataSize). This function will print out the values in the data structure in the array, with start first, end second and max third. So if the above example were to be printed out, it would look like the following:
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 4 8.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Create a function with the following definition: void findMax(struct data **points, int pointsSize, struct input *inputs). This function will call the function getMax for each data structure in the array.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}reate a file called main that contains a main function. In the main function first call the function SeedRand from the random.h file. Then generate an array of random numbers with the generateArray function. Next, generate a pointer array of data structures with the generateDataArray function. Then find the max for each input structure in the array with the getMax function. Finally, print each input structure in the array using the printData function. Be sure to create a makefile to compile your code.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}